now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron this is the ordinance of the law which
this is the ordinance of the law which
this is the ordinance of the law which the Lord has commanded saying speak to
the Lord has commanded saying speak to
the Lord has commanded saying speak to the children of Israel that they bring
the children of Israel that they bring
the children of Israel that they bring you a red heifer without blemish in
you a red heifer without blemish in
you a red heifer without blemish in which there is no defect and on which a
which there is no defect and on which a
which there is no defect and on which a yoke has never come you shall give it to
yoke has never come you shall give it to
yoke has never come you shall give it to Eleazar the priest that he may take it
Eleazar the priest that he may take it
Eleazar the priest that he may take it outside the camp and it shall be
outside the camp and it shall be
outside the camp and it shall be slaughtered before him and Eleazar the
slaughtered before him and Eleazar the
slaughtered before him and Eleazar the priest shall take some of its blood with
priest shall take some of its blood with
priest shall take some of its blood with his finger and sprinkle some of its
his finger and sprinkle some of its
his finger and sprinkle some of its blood
blood
blood seven times directly in front of the
seven times directly in front of the
seven times directly in front of the tabernacle of meeting then the heifer
tabernacle of meeting then the heifer
tabernacle of meeting then the heifer shall be burned in his sight its hide
shall be burned in his sight its hide
shall be burned in his sight its hide its flesh its blood and its awfull shall
its flesh its blood and its awfull shall
its flesh its blood and its awfull shall be burned and the priest shall take
be burned and the priest shall take
be burned and the priest shall take cedar wood and hyssop and scarlet and
cedar wood and hyssop and scarlet and
cedar wood and hyssop and scarlet and cast them into the midst of the fire
cast them into the midst of the fire
cast them into the midst of the fire burning the heifer then the priest shall
burning the heifer then the priest shall
burning the heifer then the priest shall wash his clothes he shall bathe in water
wash his clothes he shall bathe in water
wash his clothes he shall bathe in water and afterward he shall come into the
and afterward he shall come into the
and afterward he shall come into the camp the priest shall be unclean until
camp the priest shall be unclean until
camp the priest shall be unclean until evening and the one who burns it shall
evening and the one who burns it shall
evening and the one who burns it shall wash his clothes in water bathe in water
wash his clothes in water bathe in water
wash his clothes in water bathe in water and shall be unclean until evening then
and shall be unclean until evening then
and shall be unclean until evening then a man who is clean
a man who is clean
a man who is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer
shall gather up the ashes of the heifer
shall gather up the ashes of the heifer and store them outside the camp in a
and store them outside the camp in a
and store them outside the camp in a clean place and they shall be kept for
clean place and they shall be kept for
clean place and they shall be kept for the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of Israel for the water of purification it
Israel for the water of purification it
Israel for the water of purification it is for purifying
is for purifying
is for purifying from sin and the one who gathers the
from sin and the one who gathers the
from sin and the one who gathers the ashes of the heifer shall wash his
ashes of the heifer shall wash his
ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes and be unclean until evening it
clothes and be unclean until evening it
clothes and be unclean until evening it shall be a statute forever to the
shall be a statute forever to the
shall be a statute forever to the children of Israel and to the stranger
children of Israel and to the stranger
children of Israel and to the stranger who dwells among them he who touches the
who dwells among them he who touches the
who dwells among them he who touches the dead body of anyone shall be unclean
dead body of anyone shall be unclean
dead body of anyone shall be unclean seven days he shall purify himself with
seven days he shall purify himself with
seven days he shall purify himself with the water on the third day and on the
the water on the third day and on the
the water on the third day and on the seventh day then he will be clean
seventh day then he will be clean
seventh day then he will be clean but if he does not purify himself on the
but if he does not purify himself on the
but if he does not purify himself on the third day and on the seventh day he will
third day and on the seventh day he will
third day and on the seventh day he will not be clean whoever touches the body of
not be clean whoever touches the body of
not be clean whoever touches the body of anyone who has died and does not purify
anyone who has died and does not purify
anyone who has died and does not purify himself defiles the tabernacle of the
himself defiles the tabernacle of the
himself defiles the tabernacle of the Lord that person shall be cut off from
Lord that person shall be cut off from
Lord that person shall be cut off from Israel he shall be unclean because the
Israel he shall be unclean because the
Israel he shall be unclean because the water of purification was not sprinkled
water of purification was not sprinkled
water of purification was not sprinkled on him his uncleanness is still on him
on him his uncleanness is still on him
on him his uncleanness is still on him this is the law when a man dies in a
this is the law when a man dies in a
this is the law when a man dies in a tent all who come into the tent and all
tent all who come into the tent and all
tent all who come into the tent and all who are in the tent shall be unclean
who are in the tent shall be unclean
who are in the tent shall be unclean seven days and every open vessel which
seven days and every open vessel which
seven days and every open vessel which has no cover fastened on it is unclean
has no cover fastened on it is unclean
has no cover fastened on it is unclean whoever in the open field touches one
whoever in the open field touches one
whoever in the open field touches one who is slain by a sword or who has died
who is slain by a sword or who has died
who is slain by a sword or who has died or a bone of a man or a grave shall be
or a bone of a man or a grave shall be
or a bone of a man or a grave shall be unclean seven days and for an unclean
unclean seven days and for an unclean
unclean seven days and for an unclean person they shall take some of the ashes
person they shall take some of the ashes
person they shall take some of the ashes of the heifer burnt for purification
of the heifer burnt for purification
of the heifer burnt for purification from sin and running water shall be put
from sin and running water shall be put
from sin and running water shall be put on them in a vessel a clean person shall
on them in a vessel a clean person shall
on them in a vessel a clean person shall take hyssop and dip it in the Whorton
take hyssop and dip it in the Whorton
take hyssop and dip it in the Whorton sprinkle it on the tent on all the
sprinkle it on the tent on all the
sprinkle it on the tent on all the vessels on all the persons who were
vessels on all the persons who were
vessels on all the persons who were there or on the one who touched a bone
there or on the one who touched a bone
there or on the one who touched a bone the slain the dead or a grave the clean
the slain the dead or a grave the clean
the slain the dead or a grave the clean person shall sprinkle the unclean on the
person shall sprinkle the unclean on the
person shall sprinkle the unclean on the third day and on the seventh day and on
third day and on the seventh day and on
third day and on the seventh day and on the seventh day he shall purify himself
the seventh day he shall purify himself
the seventh day he shall purify himself wash his clothes and bathe in water and
wash his clothes and bathe in water and
wash his clothes and bathe in water and at evening he shall be clean but the man
at evening he shall be clean but the man
at evening he shall be clean but the man who is unclean and does not purify
who is unclean and does not purify
who is unclean and does not purify himself that person shall be cut off
himself that person shall be cut off
himself that person shall be cut off from among the Assembly because he has
from among the Assembly because he has
from among the Assembly because he has defiled the sanctuary of the Lord the
defiled the sanctuary of the Lord the
defiled the sanctuary of the Lord the water of purification has not been
water of purification has not been
water of purification has not been sprinkled on him he is unclean it shall
sprinkled on him he is unclean it shall
sprinkled on him he is unclean it shall be a perpetual statute for the
be a perpetual statute for the
be a perpetual statute for the hee-hoo sprinkles the water of
hee-hoo sprinkles the water of
hee-hoo sprinkles the water of purification shall wash his clothes and
purification shall wash his clothes and
purification shall wash his clothes and he who touches the water of purification
he who touches the water of purification
he who touches the water of purification shall be unclean until evening whatever
shall be unclean until evening whatever
shall be unclean until evening whatever the unclean person touches shall be
the unclean person touches shall be
the unclean person touches shall be unclean and the person who touches it
unclean and the person who touches it
unclean and the person who touches it shall be unclean until evening